High performing teams fear variance
The First Ideal: Locality and Simplicity
The Second Ideal: Focus, Flow, and Joy
The Third Ideal: Improvement of Daily Work
The Fourth Ideal: Psychological Safety
The Fifth Ideal: Customer Focus
Leaning In over Always Saying “No”
Data & Security Science over Fear, Uncertainty and Doubt
Open Contribution & Collaboration over Security-Only Requirements
Consumable Security Services with APIs over Mandated Security Controls & Paperwork
Business Driven Security Scores over Rubber Stamp Security
Red & Blue Team Exploit Testing over Relying on Scans & Theoretical Vulnerabilities
24x7 Proactive Security Monitoring over Reacting after being Informed of an Incident
Shared Threat Intelligence over Keeping Info to Ourselves
Compliance Operations over Clipboards & Checklist
"Truth is not what you want it to be; it is what it is, and you must bend to its power or live a lie." - Miyamoto Musashi
"Some people will never like you becuase your spirit irritates their demons." - Denzel Washington
The very powerful and the very stupid have one thing in common. They don't alter their views to fit the facts. They alter the facts to fit their view. Which can be uncomfortable if you happen to be one of the facts that needs altering." - Doctor Who (The Face of Evil - 1977 - Series 14 - 4th Serial Story)
A human being should be able to change a diaper, plan an invasion, butcher a hog, conn a ship, design a building, write a sonnet, balance accounts, build a wall, set a bone, comfort the dying, take orders, give orders, cooperate, act alone, solve equations, analyze a new problem, pitch manure, program a computer, cook a tasty meal, fight efficiently, die gallantly. Specialization is for insects. - Robert A. Heinlein
Amateurs react. Professionals prepare.
Amateurs have a goal. Professionals have a process.
Just because someone carries it well, doesn't mean it isn't heavy
I don't care that they stole my idea.... I care that they don't have any of their own. - Nikola Tesla
When dealing with people, remember you are not dealing with creatures of logic, but creatures of emotion. - Dale Carnegie
Absense of evidence is not evidence of absense. - Carl Sagan
Tell me and I forget, teach me and I may remember, involve me and I learn.  - Benjamin Franklin
Security is a team sport.  The second security tries to do "us vs them" (usually IT), everyone looses.  Well, not EVERYONE.  The threat actor is definately winning... - Jake Williams
Always code as if the guy who ends up maintaining your code will be a violent psyhopath who knows where you live. - Martin Goldling
If you don't heal what hurt you, you will bleed on people who didn't cut you.
Inside every old person is a young person wondering what happened. - Terry Pratchett
Common sense is not a gift, it's a punishment.  Becuase you have to deal with everyone who doesn't have it. - George Bernard Shaw
Getting your shit together requires a level of honesty you can't imagine.  There's nothing easy about realizing you're the one that's been holding you back this whole time
Who you are becoming is more important than who you've been.
Worry about your character, not your reputation.  Your character is who you are.  Your reputation is who people think you are. - John Wooden
Always take sides.  Neutrality helps the oppressor, never the victim.  Silence encourages the tormentor never the tormented. - Elie Wiesel
Government is necessary, not becuase it is natrually bad, but because man is by nature more individualistic than social. - Thomas Hobbes
A sign of intellegence is an awareness of one's own ignorance. - Niccolo Machiavelli
Ignorance leads to fear, fear leads to hate, and hate leads to violence.  This is the equation.  - Averroes
Those who fear the facts will forever try to discredit the fact-finders. - Denis Diderot
No society can surely be flourishing and happy, of which the far greater part of members are poor and miserable. - Adam Smith
Truth does not change because it is, or is not, beleived by a majority of the people. - Giordano Bruno
We suffer more in imagination than reality - Seneca
It is by doubting that we come to investigate, and by investigating that we recognize the truth. - Peter Abelard
Fuck excuses, learn to admit when you fuck up.
Reality is that which, when you stop beleiving in it, doesn't go away. - Philip K. Dick
Every lie we tell incurs a debt to the truth.  Sooner or later that debt is paid. - Valery Legasov
Truth will ultimately prevail where there is pains taken to bring it to light. - George Washington
Truth is not what you want it to be; it is what it is, and you must bend to its power or live a lie. - Miyamoto Musashi
The truth is always the strongest argument - Sophocles
The truth is incontrovertible, malice may attack it, ignorance may deride it, but in the end, there it is. - Winston Churchill
Without data you're just another person with an opinion - W. Edwards Demming
If you get tired, learn to rest, not quit. - Banksy
The successful warrior is the average man, with laser-like focus. - Bruce Lee
Don't fear failure... in great atttmpts it is glorious even to fail. - Bruce Lee
If you always put limits on everything you do, physical or anything else, it will spread into your work and into your life.  There are no limits.  There are only plateaus, and you most not stay there, you mist go beyond them. - Bruce Lee
The only person you need to be better than is the person you were yesterday. - Bruce Lee
Have the courage to be disliked - Bruce Lee
It is better to be a warrior in a garden than to be a gardener in a war. Bruce Lee
Absorb what is useful, Discard what is not, Add what is uniquely your own.  - Bruce Lee
I am not locked in here with you, you are locked in here with me. - Bruce Lee
If you spend too much time thinking about a thing, you'll never get it done.  Make at least one definate move daily toward your goal. - Bruce Lee
No such thing as spare time.  No such thing as free time.  No such thing as down time.  All you got is life time.. Go. - Henry Rollins
Skepticism is healthy, cynicism is lazy. - @ptrbkr
I make piles of thinking sand talk to each other - @FadedNick
"Some people will never like you becuase your spirit irritates their demons." - Denzel Washington
"It does not matter how slowly you go as long as you do not stop." - Confucius
Make peace with your past so it won't disturb your present.
No one is in charge of your happiness. Except You.
Smile. You don't own all the problems of the world.
UNFUCK YOURSELF! Be who you were before all that stuff happened that dimmend your shine.
The way the mind will lean under stress is stongly influenced by training.
Heroic work doesn't scale - @mx_redmond
You either die a hero or live long enough to see yourself become the villain
I must not fear.  For fear is the mind-killer.  Fear is the little death the brings total obliteration.  I will face my fear.  I will permit it to pass over me, and through me.  And when it has gone past, i will turn the inner eye to see it's path.  Where the fear has gone there will be nothing.  ONLY I WILL REMAIN.
"Beautiful planes fly beautifully" - Clarence "Kelly" Johnson (Lockheed Skunkworks)
"You will live to see man made horrors beyond your comprehension" - Nikola Tesla
"The furhter a society drifts from truth, the more it will hate those who speak it" - George Orwell
Take care of yourself - You're killing yourself for a job that would replace you withina week if you dropped dead
"Here is your country.  Cherish these natural wonders.  Do not let selfish men and greedy insterest skin your country of its beauty, its riches, or its romance." - Theodore Roosevelt
"The greatest gift you can ever give is your honest self" - Fred Rogers
"You've made this day special just by being you.  There's no one in the world quite like you, and I like you just the way you are." Fred Rogers
You weren't born to just pay bills and die
You're a ghost driving a meat-coated skeleton made from stardust, ridking a rock, hurtling through space... Fear NOTHING!
"Genius is making complex ideas simple, not making simple ideas complex" - Albert Einstein
"Rules are there so that you *think* before you break them" - Terry Pratchett
"What you are is wht you have been.  What you'll be is what you do now" - Buddha
To get something you never had, you have to do something you never did
"Mistakes are always forgivable, if one has the courage to admit them" - Bruce Lee
The key to confidence is to walk into a room, and assuming everyone likes you
Complexity != Complicatated - Eric Berlow
"Experience is the hardest kind of teacher.  It gives you the test first and the lesson afterward." - Oscar Wilde
Getting your shit together requires a level of honesty you can't even imagine.  There's nothing easy about realizing you're the one that's been holding you back this whole time.
You can't detox an entire decade in a day - be patient with yourself
"Give me six hours to chop down a tree and I will spend the first four hours sharpening the axe." - Abraham Lincoln
"The trouble is, you think you have time" - Buddha
A little is better than nothing
"Sieze the day.  Becuase, beleive it or not, each and every one of us in this room is one day going to stop breathin." - Robin Williams
"You're only given a little spark of madness.  You mustn't lose it." - Robin Williams
"The price of anything is the amount of life you exchange for it." Henry David Thoreau
"If you are not part of the solution then you're part of the precipitate" - Carl Gottlieb
"Always design a thing by considering it in its next larger context - a chair in a room, a room in a house, a house in an environment, an environment in a city plan." - Eliel Saarinen
"Be a realist about the big things.  Life isn't a movie, you need to have a plan, have an artist's ambition but an engineer's mindset."
Figure out a way or don't complain
It's better to burn out than to fade away - Kurgan
We suffer more in imagination than in reality - Seneca
Associate only with people who improve you - Seneca
The greatest remedy for anger is delay - Seneca
Value your time more than your posessions - Seneca
Death is not in the distant future. We are dying every day - Seneca
"How tempting it is to raise high walls and keep out change. Rot here in our own self-satisfied comfort." - Dune
You must find the courage to leave the table if respect is no longer being served. - Tene Edwards
The contented person can never be ruined
Tell me and I forget.  Teach me and I remember.  Involve me and I learn. - Benjamin Franklin
It gets easier, but it never gets easy - Jason Isbell
"It was a pleasure to burn." - Fahrenheit 451
"It was a bright cold day in April, and the clocks were striking thirteen." 1984
"One Day.... or Day One"
“The man that suffers before it is necessary, suffers more than it is necessary.” – Seneca
"I need ammunition, not a ride" - Volodymyr Zelensky
"May have been the losing side.  Still not conviced it was the wrong side" - Captain Malcolm 'Mal' Reynolds
Slow is smooth, and smooth is fast
"The arc of the moral universe is long bu t it bends toward justice" - Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr.
"Darkness cannot drive out darkness; only light can do that.  Hate cannot drive out hate; only love can do that" - Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr.
"The enemy doesn't arive by boat.  He arrives by limousine" - Anon
